 Hello, everyone. I am a member of technical staff here at Anthropic, and I created Claude Code. And I am here to talk a little bit about some practical tips and tricks for using Claude Code. This is going to be very practical. I'm not going to too much into the history or the theory or anything like this. And yet before we start it, actually, can we get a quick show of hands who is used Claude Code before? Yeah, all right. That's really way to see for everyone that didn't raise your hands. I know you're not supposed to do this while people are talking, but if you can open your laptop and do this, and this will help you, you install Claude Code, just you can follow along for the rest. The talk, all you need is Node.js. If if you have at this should work, yeah, if you you don't have to, you don't have to follow along. But if you don't have a yet, yeah, this is your chance. So once installed, you can follow along. So what is Claude Code? Claude Code is a new kind of AII assiant, and there's been different generations of AI assistance for coding. Most of them have been about completing, you know, a line at a time completing a few winds of code at a time. Claude Code is not for that. It's fully agentic. So it's meant for building features for writing entire functions, entire files fixing entire bugs at the same time. And what's kind of cool about Claude Code? Is it works with all of your tools? And you don't have to change out your workflow. You don't have to swap everything to start using it. So whatever id use, if you use VS Code or if you use Xcode or if you use uh JetBrains's ideis, there's some people. I don't thropic that you can't pride them from their cold dead hands, but they use Claude Code because Claude Code works with every single idea. Every terminal out there. You'll work locally over remote associh over AT mox whatever environment you're in, you can run it. It's general general-purpose. And this is something where, if you haven't use these kind of free form coding assistance in the past, it can be kind of heard to figure out how to get started because you open it up. And you just see a prompt, and you might wonder a way what do i do? What what do it happen? It's a power tool so you can use it for a lot of things, but also because it can do so much. We don't try to guide you towards a particular workflow because really, you should be able to use it. However, you want as an engineer, as you open up Claude Code for the first time, there's a few things that we recommend doing to get your environment set up. And these are pretty straightforward. It's a one terminal set up. This will give you shift enter for new lines, so don't don't to to like backslashes to enter new lines. This is, you know, it makes a little bit nice icer to use, do /theme to set light mode or dark mode or adultanized themes. Um you can do /config guitab up. So today, wins, we announced to GitHub up where you can add mention uh club on any data issue or pull request. So to soleit just run this comment in in your terminal, um you can customize the set of allowed tools that you can use. So you're not prompted for it every time. This is pretty convenient um for stuff that i'm prompted about a bunch, so, definitely customize it in this way, so you don't have to accept it every time. And something that i actually do is for a lot of my prompts, i won't hand type them into a Claude Code. If you're on macOS, you can go into your system seto bes under accessibilities dictation, and you can enable it. And so something i do you just hit like the dictation key twice, and you can just speak your prompt, and it helps a lot to have specific prompts. So this is actually pretty awesome me. You can just talk to Claude Code and like you with another engineer, and you don't have to type a lodcode. So when you're starting out with Claude Code, it's so overwhelming, they can do everything. What do you start with the thing? I recommend above everything else, starting with codebase Q&A. So just asking your question asking questions you're codebase. This is something that we teach new hires at Anthropic. So on the first day, in technical on boarding, you earn about what code you download it, you get it set up. And then immediately started asking questions without the codebase. And in the past, when you 're doing technical on boarding, it's something that taxes the team of lot, right. You have to ask other engineers on the team questions. You have to look around the code. And this sticks, a, well, you have to forget out how to the tools ls this sticks a long time with Claude Code. You can just ask Claude Code and it'll explore the codebase that 'll answer these kind of questions. And so at Anthropic on boarding you to take about two or three weeks for technical highers. It's now about two or three days. What's also kind of cool about Q&A is we don't do any sort of indexing. So there's no remote database with your code. We don't uploloit anyanywhere your code is vocal. We do not train generred models on the code. So it's there. You control it. There's no indusees or anything like this. And what that means is also, there's no set up. So you start cloud you done with it. You started it. There's no indexing, you don't enve to wait. You can use user right away. This is a technical talk. So um i'm going to show some very specific prompts and very specific examples that you can use and hopefully improve up of where your Claude Code experience. So some kind of questions that you can ask is um h, you know, how is this particular piece of code you store? How do we instantiate this thing and Claude Code? It won't just do like a tech search and try to answer this. It will often go a level deeper, and it'll try to find examples of how is this question? Instantiated? How is it used? And it'll give you a much deeper answer so something that you would get out of a weekly or documentation, instead of just i command up something that i do a lot also is asked about git history. So, for example, you know, why does this function have fifteen arguments and why the ararments ments amed this weird way? And this is something i bet in all cocode buyou you some fununction like this or some class like this. And fod code can look through git history, and it'll look to figure out how did these arguments get introduced and who introduced them? And what was the situation, whether the issues that those commits link to and it to look through all this in summarize it? And you don't have to tell it that in all these in all the detail, you just ask it. So you say, look through through history, and i don't know to do this. The reason it knows it by the way is not because we prompted it to there's nothing in the system prompt about looking through gihistory. It knows it because the model was awesome. And if you told you use get it, don't know how to use it. So we're lucky to be building on such a good model. I often ask about GitHub issues. So um you know, i can use WebFetch, and i can fetissues and and ke up context on issues too. This is pretty awesome. Yeah. And this is something that to do every single monday and our weekly stand up, as i asked it at a ship, this weecan quote code books, the log. It knows my user name, and it ll just communst read out everything i was i shipped and not just copy and pastthat oninto a docsmman see ah, that's tip number one for people that have not used Claude Code before. If you're just showing it to someone for the first time, i'm boarding your team. The thing we definitely recommend is start with codebase Q&A. A don't start by using fanty ty ooools start by editing code de just stby to king coquestions about the code. This and that ll teach people had a prompt, and it all start teaching them. This boundary of, like what can Claude Code? What what is capable code versus what do you need to hold this hand with a little bit more? What can be one shorthanded, what can be two shorthanded three shorthanded. What do you need to interinteractive de foreign approval? Once you're pretty comfortable with q na, you can dive into editing code. This is the next thing. And the coal thing about, uh any sort of agentic uh, you know, like using AM in agentic workflows, you give it tools. And it is just like magical it figures out how to use the tools. And with Claude Code, we give it a pretty small set of tools. It's not a law. And so it has a tool to edit files. It has a tool to run basash files. It has a tool to to search files, and it will all ranging these together to explore the code brainstorm, and then finally may get its. And you don't have to prompt it specifically to use this tool in this tall, in this tall. You just say you do this thing thing, you'll figure out how to do it. It'll string it together in the right way that makes sense for quite cold. There's a ways to use this something i'd like to do sometimes is before having cloud jumped to wwwrite code. Oh, ask it to brainstorm a little bit or make a plan. This is something we highly work commend and something i see, sometimes as people, you know, they take fd code and they ask it. Hey, implement this enormous, like three thousand wine feature. And sometimes it gets this right on the first shot. But sometimes what happens is the thing that it build is not at all the thing that you wanted in the easiest way to get the result you want is ask ked to think first. So brings from ideas make a plan runit by me as for approval before you wwrite code, and you don't have to use plan mode, you don't have to use any special tools to do this. All you have to do as a slash command, and you don't know to do this. So you say, before you ray code make a plan answer. This is also i want to think with this one. This commcommphosphere ar. This is a really common in inincantation that i use. There's nothing special about it quite is kind of smart enough turn her for this. So it'll make a commit. It'll push it to the branch, make a branch and then make a poor cust from your ongutub. You don't have to explain anything. It'll look through the code. It will look through the history. It will loothrough through the git log by itself to figure out the commit format and all the stuff it'll make the commit and push it the right way. Again, we're not system proproblem ly. Good to do this. It just knows how to do this. The model was good as you get a little bit more advanced. You're gonna to start to plug in your team's tools. And this is where Claude Code stars to really shine. And there's generally two kinds of tools. So one is bash tools. And an example of this i just made up this like hypothetical CLI. This isn't a real thing. Um we can say, use this CI to do something, and you can tell Claude Code about this. And you can tell it to use, for example, like dash tash and figure out how to use it. And this is efficient. If you're friend yourself using it a lie, you can also dump this into your clladm d, which will talk about in a bit. So cloud can remember this across sessions, but this is a common pattern. We fellow at Anthropic, and we see external customer as used to and same thing with mcp um Claude Code can use bash tools. You can use mcp tools. So you know, just tell it about the tools, and you can add mcp tool, and you can tell it how to use it, it will will all just start using him. And this extremely powerful cause when you start to use code on a new codebase, you can just give it all of your tools, all the tools, your team already uses for this codebase and code code can use it on your behf. There's a few common workloes. And this is the one that i talked about already. So kind of do a little bit of exploration do a little bit of planning and asked me for confirmation before you start to wwwrite code. These other two on the right are extremely powerful when Claudea has some way to check its work. So for example, by rightening untests or screenshoto be and Puppeteer or screenshoto be that IS simulator, then it can iterate. And this is incredible, because if you give it, for example, mock and you say build this webyou y, it will get a pretty good. But if you had it willerate tour three times often, it gets it almost perfect. So the trick is give it some sort of tool that it can use for feedback to check its work. And then based on that, it will iterate ate by itself. Youyou're going a get a much better result. So whatever you're domain is if it's untester and aggration testter screen shops for apps or web, anything just give it a way to see its result and it'll iterate and get better. So these were the next steps, teach Claude, how to use your tools and figure out the right workflow, if you want ququto jujumin. And code, if you wanted to brings from a little bit and make a plan, if you wanted to itter, it kind of have some sense of that. So you know how to prompt Claude to do what you want, as you go, deeper beyond tools, you want to start to give Claude more a context. And the more context, the smarter, the decisions will be, because as an engineer working eClaude byou, you have a tonof context in your head about your systems and all the history. And and everything also thethere re's different ways to give this to Claude. And as you give Claude more context that it'll do better, there's different ways to do this. The simplest one is what we call Claude md and Claudedot md is the special filile name. The simplest place to put it is in the project route. So the same directory, you start Claudeton put a CLAUDE.md in there, and that 'll get automatically read into context at the start of every session. And as entually, the first user turn will include the CLAUDE.md. You can also have a local ptm MD. And uh this one you don't usually into source control. So CLAUDE.md you should check into source control, share with your team so that you can write it once and share with your team. This one, you don't check in. It's just for you the kinds of things you put in quite MD. It's like common bash, commmands, common mcp tools, um architectural decisions, important files. Anything thing that you would kind of typically need to know in order to work in the school base, try to keep it pretty short because if it gets too long, it's just gna use up a bunch of context. And it's usually not that useful. So just try to keep it as short as you can. And for for example, in archkobeis, we have come on bassh commands. We have a style guide. We have a few core files kind of things like that. Although other Claude m these, you can put them in other nested child, directtories and Claude will pull them in on demand. So these are the CLAUDE.md files that will get pulled and automatically. But then also, you can put in put Claudem es in nested directories. And those will put those who get automatically pulled when quite works in those directories. And of course, se, you're, you know, company yybe want want quite AMA that chered across all the different codebases. And you want to manage it on behalf of your users, and you can put in your enterprese route and that'll get pulled in automatically. There's it on of ways to puin context, actually had AA of trtrouble puto be this fight together just to communicate the breath ways ways you can do this, but auauomity is pulled in automaticque. You can also use slash commands. So this is dockloadslash commands, and this can be in your home directory or it can be checked into your project. And this is for splash commands. And over here, we have a few examples of the slash commands that we have in Claude Code itself. And so for example, if you're in the Claude Code repo and you see issues geto be labeled, that's actually this workle running here. It's label giget hub issues, and we have a giit of action running the same one. We talked about this morning where Claude Code will run this command, and it's just as flash command, it'll run, and it will waable the issues. So humans don't have to it, just saves us a bunch of time. And of course, you can admench in files to pull them into context. Um and like i before CLAUDE.md es in nested directtyypulled in when Claude works in that directory. So give quite more context, and it's definitely worth taking the time to tune context. You can run it through a prompt improver consider who the context is for if you want to put it in every time, if you want to put it in on demand, if you want to share with a team, if it's a personal preference, definitely take the time to tune it. This will improve performance dramatically. If you do alright, as you get more advanced, you're going to want to think about this a little bit more, this kind of hierarchy of different ways to pull in everything. So like not just quite MD, but also can fig. And uh kind of everything about quality can pull in in this hierarchical way. So projects uh are specificity or get repo. And this you can check in or you can make it just for you. You can also have global configs that are across all your projects, or you can have enterprised policies. And this essentially a global config that you roll up for all of your employees. Everyone on your team automatically. And this spght is like pretty information dense, but the point is this supplies to a lot stustuff. You can do this. This refassh commands. You can do it for permissions. So for example, if you have a bash command that you would run for all your employees, like all your employees use this like tetest command. For example, you can actually just check it into this enterprise policies file. And then any employee when they run this command that will be auto approved, which is pretty convenient. And you can also use this to block comments. So for example, let's here, there's a euro that should never be fetched. Um add it to this config and that don't make it. So an employee cannot overwrite it. And that, that your ole can never be fetched, so pretty convenient, both to unblock people and also just to keep your code be safe. And then shipping from mcp servers have a mcp.json file checked into the codebase. That way, any time someone runs Claude coding your codebase, they'll be prompted to install mcp servers and share it with the team. If you're not sure which are these to use. This is i could kind of an insane matatrix because we support to what a stuff and engineer workforce are very flexible in every company's difference. So we kind of want to support everything. So if you're not sure how to get started, i would recommend start with shared project context. You write this once and then you shirt with everyone on the team and you get this kind of network effect where someone does a little bit of work. And everyone on the team benefits, there's a lot of tools built tinto cloud to manage this. Uh. So as an example, if you runs /memory, you can see all the different memory foles that are geto be pulled in. So maybe i have a enterprise policy. I have my user memory. I have project quite eme, and then maybe there's a nested Claudemd that's only pulled in for certype in directories. And then summary, when you do /memory, you can edit particular memory files when you take pound sign (#) (#) to remember of something, you can pick which memory, you wanted to go to. So that's the accept. Take the time to can figure quite MDMCP servers, all the stuff that your team uses so that you can use it once can figure once and then share it with everyone. Um an example, this is uh in our apps, ripoo um for and Anthropic. This is like the rippo that we have all of our um web and abs coding. There's a Puppeteer mcp server, and we share this with the team um and there's Amcp.json. And so any engineer work in that ripoo can use Puppeteer in order to pilot into interintertest to screen shot automatically and iterate, so that every engineer does napt intolit themselves. This is a talk up of protips II. Just want to take a quick in our wood to talk about some common key indings that people may not know. It's a it's very hard to build for terminal. It's also very fun. It feels like rediscovering this new design language, but something about terminals. It's it's extremely minimal. And so sometimes it's is hard to discover these key bindand. Here's just a quick reference sheet. So anytime you can hit shift tab to accept that its in this switch is untito auto accept at its momotes. So bash commands don't need approval, but edits are auto accepted. And you can always ask quite to undo them. Waiter, for example, i'll do this if i know plots on the ray track or if it's writing unit teand iterating ating tetest oll you sually just switch into auto accept mode. So i don't have to okay everything leded and each time you won't Claude to remember something. So for example, if it's not using a tool correctly and you wanted to use it correctly from them on just type the pound sign (#) (#). And then tell it what to remember, and it don't remember, it will incorporate it into quite. I'm the automatically, if you ever wanna drop down to bashmode. So just run a bash command, you can hit the exclamation mark and type in your command that all run locally, but that also goes into the context window. So cloud will see it on the next turn, and this is pretty good for long running command, if you know exactly what you want to do or any command that you want to get into context. And quite it will see the command and that open, you can add mention thousand folders. Uh, any time you can hit escape to stop what quolot is doing. Um no matter what qulot is doing. You can know we say if we hit escape, it's not going to crop the session, and it's not going to mess anything up. So maybe Claude is doing a file way. It, i'll hit escape. I'll tell it what to do different. We or maybe suggested a twenty one at it. And i'm might actually a nineteen of these these ines would perfect. But one wine you should change, i'll hit escape. I'll tell it that, and then ll ll it will to redo that you can hit escape twice to jump back in history. Um and then after you're done with a session, you can start quite with a resume to resume that session. If you want um or -- continue. And then any time, if you want to see more output hit controller, and that 'll show you the entire output, the same thing that Claudes sees in its comtex window. The next thing i wantaltalk about is the Claude Code sdk. So we talked about this at the top right after this said, it is doing a session. I think just across the hallway, and he's going to go super deep on the SDK. If you hadn't play around with this, if you use the -p, flag and cloud, this is what the SDK is. And we've been winning a bunch of features over the last few weeks to make it even even better. Um yeah, you can. You can go on top of this. You can do cool stuff. This is exactly the thing that Claude Code uses. It's exactly the same assticate. And so for example, something you can do is Claudedsh p. So so this is the CI sdk, you can pass a, you can pass a prompt. You can pass some allowed tools, which could include specific bash commands. And you can tell it which format you want, so you might want js on, or you might want streaming js on, if you want a process this somehow. So this is awesome for for building on. We use this in CI all the time we use this for incident response. We use this in all sorts of pipelines. So really convenin in just think of it as like a unique utility, you give it a prompt. It gives you js on, you can use this in any way. You can pipe into it. You can pipe out of it. The piping is also pretty cool, so you can use like, for example, kids, data and pipe it in. And you know, use jq to select the as oll the combinations or analysts and sort through this new ideas like a superintelligent unique utility. And i think we barely scratched the surface of how to use this. We're just figuring this out. You can read from my a GCP bucket read, you know, like a giant log and pay it will in and tell a Claude to figure out what's interesting about this log. Um you can fetch data from like the century. Cii can also pipe it in and have cllad do something about about the final thing. And this is probably like the most advanced use cases. We see i'm sort of a Claude power user. So i'll have usually like one clock running at a time and maybe i'have like a few terminal tabs for few different ripos running at a time. When i look at power users in and out of anthropic, almost always, they're going to have like SSF sessions, though, have like tmux tunnels into their flad sessions. They're going to have a bunch of checkout of the same repoo so that they can run a bunch of Claudes in parallel in that repoo or they're using git worktrees to have some kind of isolation as they do this. And we're active. We're working on making this easier to do. But but for now, these these are some ideas for how to do more work in parallel with Claude. You can run as many sessions as you want, and there's a lot that you can get done improval. So yeah, that's it. I wanted to also leave some time for Q&A. So i think this is the vast wide that i have. And yeah, if folks have questions, there's mic stands on both sides. And yeah, we would answer any questions哈哈哈。 I did haboris. Uh, thanks for building like that Claude Code. And i was wondering what was the hardest implementation, like part of the implementation for you of building? And i think there's a lot of tricky parts. Um i think one part that is especially tricky, is the things that we do to make bash command, safe, bash isinherently pretty dangerous, and it can change system state in unexpected ways. But at the same time, if you have to manually approve every single bash command, it's superannoying as an engineer, and you can't really be productive because you just constate proving every command and just going of navigating how to do this safely in a way that that skills across the different kinds of code basis, people have because not everyone runs their code in a docker contype iner um was was pretty tricky. And essentially, the thing we wended on is there are some commands that are readonly. There's some static analysis that we do in order to figure out which commands can be combined and safeways. And then we have this pretty complex tired permission system so that you can allow us and block with commands at different levels. I'm Both, you mentioned uh, giving an image to Claude Code, which made me wonder if there's some sort of multimodel functionality that i'm not aware of is that are you just pointing it at an image on the file ile system or something? Yes, clClaude Code fufully multimodel. Um it has been from the story. It's in a terminal. It's a little hard hard to discover, but yeah, you can take a image, just drag and drop it in that work. Um um you can it AA ile ppath that work. Um you can copy a case to imagine. And that works to um so all uuse is pretty often for if i'have like a mock of something, i'll just drag and drop drop in the mock till it implemenit. I'll give it up up a Puppeteer service. So we can iterate against it. And yeah, it's fully automated. Hey, why did you build ACLI tool instead of an idea? Yes, it's a good question. I think there's for many two reasons. One is um we started this atAnthropic and atanthropic people use a broad road range of ids, and some people use VS Code or other people use, sad or Xcode, or or m or or emax. And it was just hard to build something that works for everyone. And so terminal is just a common common denominator. The second thing is adAnthropic at we see up close how fast the model was geto be better. And so i think there's a good chance that by then to the year, people aren't using ideas anymore. And so we want to get ready for this future. And we want avoid over investing in ui and other layers on top, given that the the way the models are progressing it just it may not be useful work. Pretty some不是冷。How much of you had of a? This is is this on how what you use Claude Code for a machine learning modeling numerous that overall experience. I was curious what the experience been so far with that. Yeah, i think i think the question was, how much are we using Claude Code for machine worning and and modeling, we actually tually use it for this a bunch. So. So engengineers and researchers at Anthropic use Claude Code every day. Um i think about eighty percent of people anthropic that our technical use Claude Code every day and hope we can see that in the product and the kind of demand of love and dog footing we've put into it. But this includes researchers who use tools like the notebook, notebook tool to edit and run notebooks. Okay, very cool. Thank you for it, and that's it. Thanks.